---
title: "Magnet Parables"
enableToc: true
tags:
 - story
---

The following is a series of short parables, written as if from some form of religious scripture, which originate from a series of private Minecraft servers between a group of friends and I. Also includes a few unwritten ideas for stories I had.
# Fish and Stone
1. The Dark Forest was once a dangerous place, before the Gods settled amongst the trees, before men erected castles to their own greed, before the winds blew from the Eastern Sea. Crops wilted in the cursed soils of the land, wild animals fell to the land malnourished, and the first men would each battle only for survival. Three men stood out amongst the crowd; Dragnicus the Off-White, Bongbong the Unslept, and Jachro of Highlandia. The three would enter the Forest seeking refuge from the even more dangerous world outside.
2. The Forest, however, was unfaithful to those who sought cover under its trees. It fought against the men at every opportunity. Its caves brewed with unholy beasts, its roots swelled with potent poisons, and its skies swirled with disheveled storms. The Great Forest would not be wholly ungiving though, and an expedition to the north was commenced by the Off-White. There, he would discover a great ravine which split the earth apart like a budding flower.
3. Dragnicus would return to the cave which the others were nestled within and relayed his findings to them. That eve, as the sun rose, the party of three would descend upon the ravine and begin stripping it of all its resources. Day and night, tirelessly, their fists and tools would puncture the earth. Iron, coal, gold, and diamonds would be extracted from the depths of the earth. By the eighth setting of the sun they had stripped the cave naked.
4. Industry was born. Furnace arrays were erected, consuming coal to smelt steel and blazon gold. Diamonds were forged into legendary armors and tools to fund the men’s ambitions. Smoke bellowed from their stacks and the smell of prosperity lingered in their lungs. As the sky grew darker the men attracted the attention of a God to the Forest. CreeperMagnicus_ The Great. He descended upon the factories they had constructed and graced the unholy with his presence. Even now, he found them to still be poor.
5. “People of the Forest,” he said as he looked down upon the people, “You have erected great monuments to your fire, but for what? Your ribs show through your chests and even now you struggle to pick up the lightest of feathers. Your work will soon be for nothing and you will be forgotten to history like your ancestors before you. I offer unto you a great gift; go, in search of food, out beyond the confines of the Forest. You will find great meals which may sustain your society for eon to come.”
6. Magnicus’ words would touch the trio. They had settled far east of the ravine which once provided them with their riches and the Off-White would venture back to the site of grace following the word of their God. There, in that ravine, he would discover a great waterfall from which fish flowed like water. Dragnicus would round up the fish and bring back a great meal to his brothers and sisters.
# The Tragedy of Kardashian
1. The Great Dark Forest is home to a prosperous land. The Dark Forest was a land built on the backs of Gods, where trees grow as tall as mountains, men grow as old and wise as the earth, and the very crop and till bend to the will of man. But to build such a land great and holy sacrifice is required, and CreeperMagnicus_ The Great knew this.
2. Magnicus, God of the Dark Forest, graced the town with his face that morning eve. He was in search of a figure with great stature and might. That day he did not choose the city's warriors, or their greatest thinkers, he did not place his hand upon the shoulders of the famed, or let his eyes gaze upon the rich. That day he approached a humble peasant; Ragno of Asgard.
3. “Ye of Asgard. Our lands grow poor of richness; crops wilt and storms brew, the forest grows ever more rash and bitter. I ask of you; go far from the Great Forest and reclaim what has been lost; flora not known to these lands for millennia, fauna not seen by eyes nor heard in name for eons. However, heed my words Asgardian. Beyond the Great Dark Forest is treacherous land and unholy beast; you will be unseen by the Gods and thrust into the arms of anew.”
4. Graced with the word of God, Ragno of Asgard would have no choice but to accept their mission. A number of items would be given to and collected before their mission; Magnicus would give upon her a map to the Northern Swamplands so she may plot her way, the state would gift her three days’ ration, a saddle, and armor forged in the Asgardian homelands, and she herself would gather two bundles: emptied of their contents.
5. With her pet, a fiery aquatic wyrm by the name of Ben Ragnoson, she would venture in search of the seed and beasts of yesteryear which Magnicus spoke of. At the outer bounds of the Great Forest, about twelve oxgangs from the city, she would encounter her first beasts of yore: odd smelling and weirdly shaped, they emerged from the great rivers which flowed to the city. They had upon their backs shells of stone not unlike those of turtles but which spiraled and twisted like the clouds of a storm. They spoke in unison.
6. “Great child of God who seeks for ancient food and foe, be wary of where you step here; for outside the forest is a primordial plane which neither God nor man have touched or seen. We have come to the outer reaches of the Safelands in search of a great vegetable, red in hue which beats like heart; but thus it appears we have failed like many before. Heed our word, Gods become limp and weak beyond the Forest’s walls, and mortals should fear no less.”
7. With their words spoken, Ragno, searching for guidance, would pray to the Gods. However, far from home she would receive only one reply—not the reply of a God, however. Jachro of Highlandia, a priest and son of Magnicus, would advise Ragno and her newfound companions. "Simon and Blimon, stone-shelled beasts of yore, your hearts are soft and weak, but your minds and muscles grow strong. Vow to me to protect Ragno of Asgard and her holy mission. Vow that you may ensure her safety in her time of need. Vow this and you shall be crowned, not as Kings, but as Saints." And the two did.
8. Ragno of Asgard, followed by Ben Ragnoson, Simon, and Blimon, would now venture outside of the Dark Forest. Now they sought the ancient seeds which Magnicus spoke of. They would begin by gathering three saplings from great trees. First, the seed of the flat-roofed Acacia, their bark a deep gray and their stature short. Secondly, the seed of the vine-ridden Jungle, lanky and twisted like the vines that parasitize them. And thirdly, the seed of the needled Spruce, tall and powerful—mirrors of the mountains they occupy.
9. The party would proceed further north, they had not yet completed the mission assigned to them. There were yet more flora and fauna of yore remaining to be captured. The next they would encounter was a strange one: a beast of burden by the name of Roach. Roach of the Great Flatlands. For the parties consideration Roach offered their own back, on which to carry the loot and bodies so that they may not grow tired themselves. The Asgardian's saddle would be fashioned to Roach and the party would march forward a member stronger.
10. For a great time a building lingered on the horizon ahead of the party; a construction by the Illagers of Yesteryear. The Illagers had unsuccessfully assaulted the Great Forest for millennia, their skin hung from banners in the center of the city as a message. The party, looking out for the livelihood of their home estate loomed around the tower for two suns and one moon as they planned their assault.
11. In the time before the attack the party would exile Roach and adopt a new beast of burden: an ass by the name of Dragon. Dragon of The Lowlands. The departure would prove emotional but necessary for the parties growth—desperate and greedy, the party needed ever-growing space which Roach was incapable of providing. The ass was their key to future success.
12. Prepared, the party of five, would descend upon the temple of the Illagers in the dead of night, slaughtering its people and raiding their goods. That night hundreds would die, but none denizens of the Great Forest. The Great Horn of Call and a new member of the party, Alan of Yesteryear, would be acquired that night. Amidst the pillaging two captive beasts of yore would be found, brothers Alan and Andrew of Yesteryear. Of the two Alan would choose to join the party, promised greatness upon arrival to the Dark Forest.
13. The party would continue their journey, now headed to the Eastern Frostlands in the hopes of discovering more of the flora and fauna of yore. While there a new member would join the party; Kardashian, a swift and nimble snow-white member of the sculk capable of near-invisibility amongst the snow. Kardashian would be convinced by Ragno to join the party, swayed to the ideals of the city-folk.
14. They continued their travels, now headed south to return to the Great Forest. The party would grow fond of one another during this time; forming familial bonds not by blood but by great hardship. They would talk and laugh, not a line was spoken amongst the fellowship which did not arouse another member.
15. Good times did not last, however. The parties rations depleted, armor worn, and tensions high, they would grow wary of one another. Alan of Yesteryear would betray the party, ridding them of not one but both leads which held them together. Unable to carry each other the party would begin to disband. Dragon, starving and unrestful, would be buried alive beneath the soils of a Strange Forest far from home. The party would mourn, but this was only the beginning.
16. Kardashian, starving, would whisper into Ragnos' ear a story of ancient fruit. Back to the north, she said, Ragno could find red berries, sweet in flavor but rash in texture. Ragno of Asgard would trek back to the frostlands alongside Alan, Ben, and the Snails in hopes of attaining this fruit, but would only find more tragedy.
17. A stone fortress, erected by the Illagers of Yesteryear, stood in their way. It was unlike anything the party had ever seen; great towers which pierced the sky connected by impenetrable walls lined with wizards thought extinct. They could not progress without marching through the structure, but to do so would be death.
18. Fearing for Kardashian and lusting for the ancient fruit, Ragno would plunge into the structure with only Alan. For three days and three nights Ben and the Snails would wait anxiously for the return of Ragno and Alan. They would emerge from the structure, not with ancient fruit but with a small white flower. They had not an idea what it was and knew it would not help Kardashian, but it was all they could scrounge from the remains of the Frostlands.
19. They would return to the site of Kardashian with grave news, and that night they would begrudgingly abandon her next to the grave of Dragon. Kardashian wept as they walked away, but knew it was for the greater good. She had grown ill and could not move, frozen in place like a statue. Perhaps someday she would be freed.
20. The party would continue south, making the final trek to the city of the Great Forest. Consumed with grief and anger they would return home with plentiful loot. The people would rejoice, a great party would be held that night in the town square. The people of the city did not know the trials or tribulations of the party. They had lost so much which was close to them, and for what? To create a great society, great personal sacrifice must be made, and Magnicus knew that.
# He Hath Become Death; Eater of Fish
1. The winds of the Forest flowed through the windows of heaven and whistled through the cracks in its doors, bent to the God King’s will, he sat upon his sakura throne. A small character, no larger than a pea to the God, struggled to push open the grand gates which laid before him. They stumbled into the God’s home, a figure of great stature who the Lore knew well: Ragno of Asgard.
2. “Great Magnicus of the Forest, will you hear my word? I present to thee a gift,” she muttered, looking up to the God and presenting in the palm of her hands two small aquatic beasts; a pink dragon and exotic fish, “My Lord, take these not as blood but as flesh. Lay them at your sides and love them as they will love you. That is my word.”
3. Magnicus laid a single glance upon the two wriggling animals which Ragno held, “Asgardian, you present unto me two creatures of my own design. They are of my domain, and I have not only felt but created all of their love.” He rose from his seat and gently took the small animals from Ragnos hands, inspecting them. “What do you wish for me to do with these?”
4. “My Lord, they are symbolic. Their names: Oppenheimer and Tronn. Do not just feel their love, but love unto them as they do unto you.” Ragno looked up to Magnicus with tender eyes. Magnicus looked down to the vermin reciprocating. With no hesitation and in but a moment Magnicus constructed a grand and magnificent ocean for them, the size of states and full of life.
5. Magnicus shot into the air, and with a flick great holes swallowed the earth around them. Great waves crashed against the sides of the earth as the previously vacant holes filled with water. Great plants and animals came from the Forest to inhabit the new waters, corals spread like fire, kelp grew like skyscrapers, fish filled the water. When it was all said and done Magnicus descended back down from the Heavens and placed the two small creatures he held into the water.
6. Oppenheimer and Tronn explored this vast new world, no nook or cranny was left unturned by the two. But soon this vast ocean would begin to feel like no more than a small puddle and the two would grow tired of one another. Magnicus loved them, but they did not love one another.
7. One night and one day after they had been placed into the enclosure Oppenheimer, tired of Tronn taking up space, would attack. Oppenheimer, an aquatic dragon, would wrap their body around Tronn. Tronn would attempt to escape, but ensnared in the claws of Oppenheimer they would only harm themselves more. A whirlwind of scales, flesh, and blood would seep through the water around them as they fought.
8. Magnicus would not notice this, for despite his ultimate power he is not omnipotent. He would return to the pond on the eve to find what remained of Tronn’s corpse laid taut across the surface of the water. Magnicus knew who did this, but was a forgiving God. “Oh, great dragon of the pond. I gifted you a world so vast yet still you are unsatisfied. You tried in vain to expand your domain, but now you will find it smaller than ever.”
9. The great walls of the ocean would constrict and twist, waves would begin to crash as they were pushed together and drained. Soon the once vast and expansive ocean would be no more than a fish bowl at Magnicus’ doorstep. Oppenheimer had ate his last meal.
# Hue, The Master of Bation
1. Something loomed on the horizon of the Eastern Sea, stalked by the New World’s natives who watched from the edge of the Forest. Fifteen ships sailed leeward, aimed at the coast of the continent; colonizers from a far off land, their captain a blonde white man. Their intentions were unclear, but the bust of their ships formed an imposing wall across the horizon which grew with each passing moment.
2. In the reefs, between the fleet and continent, floated a native of the lands, Ragno of Asgard. Swept away from the coast by a current she would find herself assaulted by a ravenous undead beast, cloaked in kelp and grass and wielding an unsavory weapon forged from the might of the ocean itself. Three prongs emanate from the weapons shaft, lightning was commanded by its users’ own will. Ragno would find herself cornered by the voracious beast, only barely escaping back to the shore gravely injured.
3. Following the rise of the sun the colonizer would make landfall. For the first time in months their feet would touch soil, the warmth of the sand between their toes comforting to their soul. The man would dig a hole into the earth; a meter wide and two meters deep. The man would dub it the ‘Shitting Hole’, however they would find their time in the hole short lived.
4. Ragno would find herself cornered once more by the beast from the sea. The moans which fell from its lips echoed the countless stories of sailor’s pasts. The ‘Shitting Hole’ man jumped up from his rest to aid Ragno, defeating the beast with his bare hands. He looked to her, wielding the weapon which the beast once had. He offered her the end, using it to lift her from the ground. He spoke, “I am Davyd, Master of Bation, child of the Hue Dynasty, I hail from a far land across the Eastern Sea. There none go hungry and monsters war no longer with man. I have grown tired of the monotony of my life and seek to bring peace and prosperity to new lands. Your Gods will be meaningless and your peoples will vow allegiance to thee.”
5. At that moment a voice echoed out from the Forest calling Davyd to its edge. Hypnotized, he would abide by its calls. Upon entry the bushes which lined the Forests’ border grew like mountains, each leaf and blade of grass trembled, the woods creaked out a call, “Davyd, Master of Bation, he who hails from lands across the Eastern Sea, let these words serve as warning. I am CreeperMagnicus_ the Great, God of the Dark Forest, He who Commands all, that whose name should not be spoken. You have forsaken my name, your presence threatens the fabric of my people’s societies. Offer unto me the Trident of your dynasty and the Forest may forgive you.”
6. Davyd’s people had not seen a God like Magnicus since the last eon, centuries of progress without interaction, relegated to no more than footnotes in history. Davyd would take heed to Magnicus’ words, forfeiting the trident to his new God. Peace would be made between him and the God for the time.
# The Horned Thief
1. Ragno acquires the Great Horn of Call.
2. Dragon attacks her, but by holy might she disappears.
3. Dragon kills her when she reappears, claiming to not have taken the horn from her.
4. Bongbong finds the horn in a hidden chest and returns it valiantly to Ragno.
5. Ragno abuses dragon with the horn.
# Gallant Story
1. Creeper and Ragno hangin’
2. Gallant spawns and ruins their day
3. Magnet dies twice, Ragno dies twice too
4. Magnet approaches Lead
5. Lead fixes issue
# Compendium Mayhem
1. Hummus attains holy scripture and lags the world
2. Creeper descends to stop him
3. Hummus escapes with the scripture
4. The world begins to fall apart
5. Creeper talks hummus into removing it